The Cards:

The "cards" are essentially an obfuscation for any standard combat options  i.e. attack, use potion, etc. Cards are individual items that will be stored in 
a deck seperately and drawn during combat. The cards themselves can be expendable items that when used activate a skill. with a simple approach like so we can 
easily make a large pool of cards with complex effects. The bulk of work when designing them would be in creating the actual skills used.

The Deck:

The way I envision the deck working is as a key item in the player's inventory. When they use it it will open up another menu listing the cards in the deck,
the quantity of each, and the player's inventory. For simplicity's sake I'd say we just go with one deck to make it easier to manage. The player can select the 
card items from their inventory and chose how many to move into the deck with the max to be determined. The deck essentially is a portable chest the keeps the 
original items inside and creates duplicates during battle. The deck would require two main functions to operate during battle. It will need to know how many
cards are still in the deck and the quanity of each card. Using this then whenever we ask to draw a card from the deck it would randomly choose from the current
available cards and then adjust the values.

The Hand:

The "Hand" refers to the cards put into a player's inventory at the start of the match. It's kinda simple..., I'm not sure what a good starting "hand" or limit 
would be but the comes in with balancing.

The Combat:

The combat is somewhere that is fairly open to interpretation. As I see it now within RPG Maker combat would handle essentially the same as a normal RPG Maker
game with enemy "dualists" which are simply programed to use items drawn from their own decks. I'm not the best with prentation so this has been my personal 
roadblock for the system. I'd hope that if we go with this system that we'd come up with an interesting implementation/presentation.
